fix(crds): :bug: bad regexp to generate CRDs release notes (#1302)
traefik/traefik-helm-chart: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Dashboard exposition tuning
- Helm chart variables that shortcuts/expose static or dynamic Traefik configuration

## Commit messages

Commits messages should follow [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) specification and should specify a scope.

All commits will appear in traefik helm chart changelog with two exceptions:

- CRDs: CRDs are shared between traefik and traefik-crds charts, thus, commits with this scope will appear in both charts changelog (e.g. `feat(CRDs): update Traefik proxy CRDs to v3.x`)

> - CRDs-.*: commits with `CRDs-` prefixed scope will appear only on traefik CRD changelog (e.g. `docs(CRDs-values: update values documentation`)   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CRDs-.*: commits with `CRDs-` prefixed scope will appear only on CRDs chart changelog (e.g. `docs(CRDs-values: update values documentation`)   
```
